Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things. - I Shall Wear Midnight;;
If you don’t turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else’s story. - The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents;;
The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it’s as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues. - Moving Pictures;;
Coffee is a way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your older self. - Thud!;;
It’s still magic even if you know how it’s done. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
Joy is to fun what the deep sea is to a puddle. It’s a feeling inside that can hardly be contained. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
There have been times, lately, when I dearly wished that I could change the past. Well, I can’t, but I can change the present, so that when it becomes the past it will turn out to be a past worth having. - I Shall Wear Midnight;;
Sometimes glass glitters more than diamonds because it has more to prove. - The Truth;;
If cats looked like frogs we’d realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what people remember. - Lords and Ladies;;
Sometimes the moon is light and sometimes it's in shadow, but you should always remember it's the same moon. ― A Hat Full of Sky;;
WE ARE ALL FLOATING IN THE WINDS OF TIME. BUT YOUR CANDLE, MISTRESS WEATHERWAX, WILL FLICKER FOR SOME TIME BEFORE IT GOES OUT – A LITTLE REWARD FOR A LIFE WELL LIVED. FOR I CAN SEE THE BALANCE AND YOU HAVE LEFT THE WORLD MUCH BETTER THAN YOU FOUND IT, AND IF YOU ASK ME, said Death, NOBODY COULD DO ANY BETTER THAN THAT. ― The Shepherd's Crown;;
If you have to look along the shaft of an arrow from the wrong end, if a man has you entirely at his mercy, then hope like hell that man is an evil man. Because the evil like power, power over people, and they want to see you in fear. They want you to know you're going to die. So they'll talk. They'll gloat. They'll watch you squirm. They'll put off the moment of murder like another man will put off a good cigar. So hope like hell your captor is an evil man. A good man will kill you with hardly a word. - Men At Arms;;
The thing about happiness is that you only know you had it when it's gone - Conrad Kellogg;;
Hey, chin up. I know the night just got darker, but it won't last forever- Nick Valentine;;
It was just me against the world... and the world had it coming - Conrad Kellogg;;
Ideals are strengthened by the challenges they endure. – Courier Six;;
Truth is, the game was rigged from the start. – Benny;;
You’re standing with the people, working together, united. I see a land filled with hope again. Fear falls away as the brave step forward to join the ranks. You’re a hero. A symbol for a better world. Our world. – Mama Murphy;;
There is an expression in the Wasteland: "Old World Blues. It refers to those so obsessed with the past they can't see the present, much less the future, for what it is. They stare into the what-was, eyes like pilot lights, guttering and spent, as the realities of their world continue on around them." - FO:NV ;;
I believe that we have set ourselves an unending task. The nature of mankind makes it so. There will always be another goal, another prospect - sigismund ;;
It is in our nature to create things that will outlast us. So we strive; we craft, we build, we make, we fight and do not yield. For within each frail human body is the will to grasp the stars and walk a path into eternity itself. - Vulkan;;
That which causes us trials shall yield us triumph, and that which makes our hearts ache shall fill us with gladness. The only true happiness is to learn, to advance, and to improve. None of this could happen without rejecting error, ignorance, and imperfection. We must pass out of the darkness to reach the light. —Fulgrim;;
personal isnt the same as important - men at arms;;
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr Seuss;;
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? - dr seuss;;
I believe in freedom...not many people do, although they will, of course, protest otherwise. And no practical definition of freedom would be complete without the freedom to take the consequences. Indeed, it is the freedom upon which all the others are based.— Going Postal;;
Fear is a strange soil. Mainly it grows obedience like corn, which grows in rows and makes weeding easy. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground. — Small Gods;;
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life. - the last continent;;
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this. - Pyramids;;

