Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things. - I Shall Wear Midnight;;
If you don’t turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else’s story. - The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents;;
The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it’s as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues. - Moving Pictures;;
Coffee is a way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your older self. - Thud!;;
It’s still magic even if you know how it’s done. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
Joy is to fun what the deep sea is to a puddle. It’s a feeling inside that can hardly be contained. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving. - A Hat Full of Sky;;
There have been times, lately, when I dearly wished that I could change the past. Well, I can’t, but I can change the present, so that when it becomes the past it will turn out to be a past worth having. - I Shall Wear Midnight;;
Sometimes glass glitters more than diamonds because it has more to prove. - The Truth;;
If cats looked like frogs we’d realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what people remember. - Lords and Ladies;;
Sometimes the moon is light and sometimes it's in shadow, but you should always remember it's the same moon. ― A Hat Full of Sky;;
WE ARE ALL FLOATING IN THE WINDS OF TIME. BUT YOUR CANDLE, MISTRESS WEATHERWAX, WILL FLICKER FOR SOME TIME BEFORE IT GOES OUT – A LITTLE REWARD FOR A LIFE WELL LIVED. FOR I CAN SEE THE BALANCE AND YOU HAVE LEFT THE WORLD MUCH BETTER THAN YOU FOUND IT, AND IF YOU ASK ME, said Death, NOBODY COULD DO ANY BETTER THAN THAT. ― The Shepherd's Crown;;
Make a move extreme (make a pose), Make a shortcut to your dreams, float straight to the stars on that flying thing. - Wig Wam (Peacemaker);;
If you have to look along the shaft of an arrow from the wrong end, if a man has you entirely at his mercy, then hope like hell that man is an evil man. Because the evil like power, power over people, and they want to see you in fear. They want you to know you're going to die. So they'll talk. They'll gloat. They'll watch you squirm. They'll put off the moment of murder like another man will put off a good cigar. So hope like hell your captor is an evil man. A good man will kill you with hardly a word. - Men At Arms;;
The thing about happiness is that you only know you had it when it's gone - Conrad Kellogg;;
Hey, chin up. I know the night just got darker, but it won't last forever- Nick Valentine;;
It was just me against the world... and the world had it coming - Conrad Kellogg;;
Ideals are strengthened by the challenges they endure. – Courier Six;;
Truth is, the game was rigged from the start. – Benny;;
You’re standing with the people, working together, united. I see a land filled with hope again. Fear falls away as the brave step forward to join the ranks. You’re a hero. A symbol for a better world. Our world. – Mama Murphy;;
There is an expression in the Wasteland: "Old World Blues. It refers to those so obsessed with the past they can't see the present, much less the future, for what it is. They stare into the what-was, eyes like pilot lights, guttering and spent, as the realities of their world continue on around them." - FO:NV ;;
I believe that we have set ourselves an unending task. The nature of mankind makes it so. There will always be another goal, another prospect - sigismund ;;
It is in our nature to create things that will outlast us. So we strive; we craft, we build, we make, we fight and do not yield. For within each frail human body is the will to grasp the stars and walk a path into eternity itself. - Vulkan;;
That which causes us trials shall yield us triumph, and that which makes our hearts ache shall fill us with gladness. The only true happiness is to learn, to advance, and to improve. None of this could happen without rejecting error, ignorance, and imperfection. We must pass out of the darkness to reach the light. —Fulgrim;;
personal isn't the same as important - men at arms;;
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr Seuss;;
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? - dr seuss;;
I believe in freedom...not many people do, although they will, of course, protest otherwise. And no practical definition of freedom would be complete without the freedom to take the consequences. Indeed, it is the freedom upon which all the others are based.— Going Postal;;
Fear is a strange soil. Mainly it grows obedience like corn, which grows in rows and makes weeding easy. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground. — Small Gods;;
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life. - the last continent;;
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this. - Pyramids;;
You don't wanna believe in miracles that's on you - Peacemaker;;
As imperfect as my father was, he loved me. I wish I could give that to you - Ratcatcher 2;;
Rats are the lowliest and most despised creature of all, my love. If they have a purpose, so do we all - Ratcatcher 1;;
What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort? - Paarthurnax;;
Nothing is more badass than treating a woman with respect! – Mr. Torgue;;
Death is inevitable. Our fear of it makes us play safe, blocks out emotion. It's a losing game. Without passion, you are already dead. – Max Payne;;
A man chooses; a slave obeys.  – Andrew Ryan;;
When life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these?! Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am?! I'm the man who's gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! I'm gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!  – Cave Johnson;;
Perfection is not a state of being,' Horus replied. 'It is a state of striving. The journey is all that has meaning, not the goal. - Horus Lupercal;;
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not. - The Lorax;;
The shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come. - Jon Snow;;
There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: ‘What’s up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don’t think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass! - Terry Pratchett;;
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all. - Walt Disney;;
Take the universe and grind it down to the finest powder and sieve it through the finest sieve and then show me one atom of justice, one molecule of mercy. And yet," Death waved a hand, "And yet you act as if there is some ideal order in the world, as if there is some… some rightness in the universe by which it may be judged." - Hogfather;;
May you live in interesting times - ancient Chinese proverb;;
His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools—the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans—and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, ‘You can’t trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there’s nothing you can do about it, so let’s have a drink. - Small Gods;;
Goodness is about what you do. Not who you pray to - Snuff;;
The worst thing you can do is nothing - Snuff;;
Waging war against good people is bad for the soul. – Joshua Graham;;
Fight Apathy! Or don’t  - Fallout 3;;
Even good people do crazy things when they’re scared.  – Nick Valentine;;
You may think to yourself that you’re happy, but you don’t really believe it. You focus on the petty bullshit, or the next job, or whatever. It’s only looking back, by comparison to what comes after, that you really understand—that’s what happiness felt like. – Conrad Kellogg;;
It’s said war—war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road—has reached its end. – Ulysses;;
I don’t trust a man that doesn’t have something strange going on about him, ’cause that means he’s hiding it from you. If a man’s wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it’s all laid out there for you. But if he’s friendly to strangers, and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not, he’s done something even his own ma couldn’t forgive. – No-bark Noonan;;
Sometimes, we forget that the light of our society shines beyond our borders. Sometimes, we take those privileges for granted that our forebears fought so hard to achieve. – President Aaron Kimball;;
I was happy, floating, staring at the stars - Starro;;
Be as swift as a coursing river, with the force of a great typhoon, with all the strength of a raging fire. Mysterious as the dark side of the moon - General Shang;;
WHat would humans be without Love? RARE said Death - Sourcery;;
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master - Christian Lous Lange;;
The advance of technology is baded on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so its part of everyday life - Bill Gates;;
Veni, Vidi, Bibi - Unknown;;
A person's a person no matter how small - Horton hears a who;;
Today you are You, that is truer than try, there is no one alive who is youer than you - Dr Seuss;;
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages. - Wyrd Sisters;;
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one. – Marcus Aurelius;;
ooh, eeh, ooh, ah, ah, ting, tang, walla, walla, bing bang - The Cartoons;;
Necromancy not even once - Viva La Dirt League;;
Theres nothing like a friend, A pal on whom you can depends, who fights by your side, whose arms are open wide, a person who can chase away the dread, they've got your back, as sure as that guards head. - what friends are for (1 for all, deerstalker studios);;
Just because you find that lifes not fair, it doesnt mean you just have to grin and bear it, if you always take it on the chin and wear it, nothing will change. - Naughty (Matilda soundtrack);;
Fly you fools - Gandalf the grey;;
Ay oruguitas, no se aguanten Mas, Hay que crecer a parte y volver, Hacia Adelante Seguiras, vienen milagros, vienen crisalidas, Hay que partir y construir su propio futuro - Dos Oruguitas (Encanto);;
Remember Me, dont let it make you cry, for eveb if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart - Hector Rivera (Coco);;
I will find my way, I will go the distance, I'll be there someday If I can be strong, I know every mile will be worth my while, I would go most anywhere to feel like I belong - Go the distance (Hercules);;
The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money. Take boots, for example. ... A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. ... But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while a poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet. - Sir Samuel Vimes (Men at Arms);;
People ought to think for themselves, Captain Vimes says. The problem is, people only think for themselves if you tell them to.  - Sir Samuel Vimes (Men at Arms);;
Carrot often struck people as simple.  And he was.  Where people went wrong was thinking that simple meant the same thing as stupid. - Men at Arms;;
Only crimes could take place in darkness.  Punishment had to be done in the light.  That was the job of a good watchman, Carrot always said.  To light a candle in the dark. - Feet of Clay;;
Carrot takes an interest. He doesn't even think about it. He makes space in his head for people. He takes an interest, and so people think they're interesting. They feel .... better when he's around. - Jingo;;
Morituri Nolumus Mori. - Rincewind (The Last Hero);;
Oh, obvious,’ said Granny.  ‘I’ll grant you it’s obvious.  Trouble is, just because things are obvious doesn’t mean they’re true - Granny Weatherwax (Wyrd Sisters);;
You can’t go around building a better world for people.  Only people can build a better world.  Otherwise it’s just a cage - Granny Weatherwax (Witches Abroad);;
Human nature, the Patrician always said, was a marvellous thing.  Once you understood where its levers were. - Lord Vetinari (Guards Guards);;
Walter might not know his right from his left, but he does know his right from his wrong. - Maskarade;;
You had to choose. You might be right, you might be wrong but you had to choose. Knowing that the rightness or wrongness might never be clear or even that you were deciding between two sorts of wrong, that there was no right anywhere. And always, always you did it by yourself. You were the one there, on the edge, watching and listening. - Granny Weatherwax (Carpe Jugulum);;
She’d always tried to face towards the light.  But the harder you stared into the brightness the harsher it burned into you until at last, the temptation picked you up and bid you turn around to see how long, rich, strong and dark, streaming away behind you your shadow had become . - Granny Weatherwax (Carpe Jugulum);;
Odd thing, ain’t it…you meet people one at a time, they seem decent, they got brains that work, and then they get together and you hear the voice of the people.  And it snarls. - Sir Samuel Vimes (Jingo);;
He was the most civilized man she’d ever met.  Not a gentleman, thank goodness, but a gentle man - Lady Ramkin (The Fifth Elephant);;
